{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 I found working on this app a very good experience, helping me learning the concepts that I never encountered before. For example - Constraints, MultiViews, Segues, NSAttributedStrings, Unwinding the segues. What this app mainly does is let the user select Red, Green, Blue colors to set a view\'92s background color. This color can also be generated randomly. Also, There is a label inside the color view which can be edited by going to a different view that can be reached by clicking on Change Text button. On this page, text\'92s font size, its border width and its contents can be changed. User can either save the changes or go back to the previous page if changes don\'92t need to be saved. Once the user clicks on Save Changes, it will ask the user\'92s confirmation to save it. Once these buttons are pressed, the user is navigated back to the previous page and that page is populated with the values chosen.  \
The application is also able to rotate to portrait as well as horizontal style.\
The Exciting features that I\'92m proud about is the text to speech feature that I have added. The text changed in the text window is reflected to the previous window and then it could be spelled by pressing a button. Another feature I am proud about is the use of NSAttributedString that is used to set text\'92s size and outline.\
}